.TH VIBIN 1 "July 15, 2026" "vibin" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
vibin \- a terminal code editor with Claude Code sessions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vibin
.RI [ dir ]
.RI [ "\-\- command args..." ]
.br
.B vibin
.RI + subcommand
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B vibin
is a terminal editor with Claude Code sessions living next to your code:
one TUI, three shells \(em F3 code (file tree + modal editor), F2 git (stage,
diff, commit), F1 agents (Claude terminals + resumable chats). The editor has
tree-sitter highlighting for ~30 languages, LSP diagnostics/hover/goto, spell
check that understands snake_case, and a hex viewer. Colors come from the
terminal's own theme, queried over OSC, and follow it when it flips between
light and dark.
.PP
With
.I dir
the workspace opens directly; without one, a welcome screen offers the current
directory and recent projects. Everything after
.B \-\-
is the command each agent session runs (default:
.BR claude ).
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
The
.RB + subcommands
run and exit without opening the TUI.
.TP
.B +version
Print the version and exit.
.TP
.B +update
Download and install the latest release. Only self-updates installs made by
the install script; Homebrew, Nix, and cargo installs are directed to their
package manager.
.TP
.B +list-keybinds
Print the resolved keybindings.
.TP
.B +list-actions
Print every bindable action.
.TP
.B +show-config
Print the fully resolved configuration for the current directory as TOML.
.SH KEYS
.TP
.B Ctrl+A
Leader \(em press it and a menu shows everything.
.TP
.B Ctrl+K
Palette (files, and \fB>\fR commands).
.TP
.B F1 / F2 / F3
Switch between the agents, git, and code shells.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/vibin/config.toml
User configuration, overridden by
.I .vibin/config.toml
in a repository.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B VIBIN_CMD
Overrides the command agent sessions run.
.TP
.B VIBIN_LSP_CMD
Overrides every language server (used by the test suite).
.SH HOMEPAGE
https://github.com/szkabaroli/vibin
.SH LICENSE
MIT.
